
=head1 NAME

WWW::EchoNest::Util - Utility functions to support the Echo Nest web API.

=head1 SYNOPSIS
    
    # The codegen function is really the only function that you should ever
    # want to import from this module.
    # All other functions can be accessed by object methods from other
    # WWW::EchoNest::* classes.
    use WWW::EchoNest::Util qw( codegen );
    my $codegen_mp3  = codegen( { filename => '/path/to/audio_file.mp3'  } );
    my $codegen_flac = codegen( { filename => '/path/to/audio_file.flac' } );
    my $codegen_ogg  = codegen( { filename => '/path/to/audio_file.ogg'  } );

    # Note that for the codegen function to work you must have echoprint
    # installed.
    # See http://echoprint.me

=head1 FUNCTIONS

=head2 user_agent

Returns the LWP::UserAgent instance used by all WWW::EchoNest classes for
making HTTP requests.

=head2 json_rep

Attempts to convert it's single argument into a JSON formatted string.

=head2 codegen

Calls the codegen program and returns a HASH ref result.

=head2 call_api

Calls the Echo Nest web API.

=head2 get_conf

Returns the instance of WWW::EchoNest::Config used internally by Util.pm.

=head2 set_conf

Creates a new WWW::EchoNest::Config object to be used internally by Util.pm.
Accepts a single HASH ref argument.

=head2 fix_keys

Takes a hash-ref argument and ensures that the keys of this hash are UTF-8
encoded.

=head1 AUTHOR

Brian Sorahan, C<< <bsorahan@gmail.com> >>

=head1 SUPPORT

Join the Google group: <http://groups.google.com/group/www-echonest>

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks to all the folks at The Echo Nest for providing access to their
powerful API.

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2011 Brian Sorahan.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.
